+++
title = '2025'
date = 2024-12-31
draft = false
layout = 'simple'
+++

With 2025 in less than a few hours I wanted to take some time and reflect on what happened this past year and share some things that I am hoping for in 2025, this is going to be a short post.
I am going to be honest with you I fear this upcoming year, something seems a bit off and I cannot put my finger on it (knock on wood). Let us sit and chat about what 2024 was and what happened in it (no politics in this) and what I am looking for in 2025.

1. I have started this blog and have been talking to you though this, random rants and thoughts have been occurring in this space. I can assure you that this is not going to change at all. I am still going to keep this blog going for as long as I can. 
2. I have learned and grown a lot as a techie and understand things a bit more and a bit better, like DMX, light desks, and a bit more
3. I have gotten really into "hacking" I have a OnePlus Nord 200 5G that is running Lineage OS, it is not supposed to be doing that
4. I feel I have gotten a bit closer with those around me and who mean a lot to me and realized that all my friends were next to me the entire time. I had "friends" that were not there for me, just people there to talk to and in the end got a bit hurt by them.
5. I learned Linux. A whole new OS that is different than Windows and MacOS 
6. I hacked my own MacBook Air 2015 to run the latest OS vs. what Apple left it to die on, I gave it new life and it is now doing better than ever thanks to the project Open Core Legacy Patcher on GitHub: https://dortania.github.io/OpenCore-Legacy-Patcher/

Six things that I thought would never happen. I have accomplished a lot and have had a lot of help along the way. My amazing friend (same one who sent me those cards I talked about in my Christmas post) helped me set this blog up through Hugo, Git, WSL (Windows Sub Linux, it puts an Ubuntu terminal on your machine). I have learned and grown through these experiences, understood how certain things work (even the simplest things out there I learned). 

What are some of your I have___ statements? You learned a new skill; you got closer with those around you. 

So, what am I looking to do in 2025? 
1. I am looking to learn a new skill; I want to relearn the piano
2. I am hoping to grow and learn more about the world of computing, there are things that I want to know but have not figured out yet
3. I am going to write and talk to you until I cannot anymore, and that is going to be a long time from now
4. I am hoping to still be a good person in this new year. Day by day it can be a bit harder but know that there is always room for improvement, and it can start with self-improvement. 

What are your I am statements? I hope that you have good luck and fortune with them and can accomplish them.

I am hoping for a good new year and hoping that peace may come over the earth (knock on wood again). I am hoping everyone gets a long life and good health.

Happy New Year everyone!

Fuzz
